Docs: update `storage_authentication_type` values to required casing (#28972)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/function_app_flex_consumption.html.markdown

* `storage_container_endpoint` - (Optional) The backend storage container endpoint which will be used by this Function App.

* `storage_authentication_type` - (Optional) The authentication type which will be used to access the backend storage account for the Function App. Possible values are `StorageAccountConnectionString`, `SystemAssignedIdentity`, and `UserAssignedIdentity`.

* `storage_access_key` - (Optional) The access key which will be used to access the backend storage account for the Function App.

> ~> **Note:** The`storage_access_key` must be specified when `storage_authentication_type` sets to `StorageAccountConnectionString`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** The `storage_access_key` must be specified when `storage_authentication_type` is set to `StorageAccountConnectionString`.
```

* `storage_user_assigned_identity_id` - (Optional) The user assigned Managed Identity to access the storage account. Conflicts with `storage_account_access_key`.

> ~> **Note:** The`storage_user_assigned_identity_id` must be specified when `storage_authentication_type` sets to `UserAssignedIdentity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** The `storage_user_assigned_identity_id` must be specified when `storage_authentication_type` is set to `UserAssignedIdentity`.
```

* `storage_container_endpoint` - (Required) The backend storage container endpoint which will be used by this Function App.

> * `storage_authentication_type` - (Optional) The authentication type which will be used to access the backend storage account for the Function App. Possible values are `StorageAccountConnectionString`, `SystemAssignedIdentity`, and `UserAssignedIdentity`.

Reviewer 2: In the schema this is actually `Required` so we shouldn't be changing it to `Optional` in the documentation
```suggestion
* `storage_authentication_type` - (Required) The authentication type which will be used to access the backend storage account for the Function App. Possible values are `StorageAccountConnectionString`, `SystemAssignedIdentity`, and `UserAssignedIdentity`.
```

https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm/blob/5e1cfe7fbae7a69efa48ef09b7f7c1b111d73061/internal/services/appservice/function_app_flex_consumption_resource.go#L132-L134
